recipes.md, before:

# My Recipe Book

## Contents
- [Appetizers](#appetizers)
    - [Spinach and Artichoke Dip](#spinach-and-artichoke-dip)
    - [Bruschetta](#bruschetta)
- [Entrees](#entrees)
    - [Spaghetti and Meatballs](#spaghetti-and-meatballs)
    - [Grilled Chicken Sandwich](#grilled-chicken-sandwich)
- [Desserts](#desserts)
    - [Chocolate Chip Cookies](#chocolate-chip-cookies)

## Appetizers
### Spinach and Artichoke Dip

Ingredients:
- 1 can (14 oz) artichoke hearts, drained and chopped
- 1 package (10 oz) frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained
- 1 cup mayonnaise
- 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
- 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
- 2 cloves garlic, minced

Instructions:
1. Preheat oven to 350°F.
2. In a large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients.
3. Transfer mixture to a 9-inch pie plate or a small baking dish.
4. Bake for 20-25 minutes or until lightly browned and bubbly.
5. Serve hot with tortilla chips, pita chips, or crackers.

### Bruschetta

Ingredients:
- 1 French baguette, sliced diagonally
- 2 tomatoes, diced
- 1/2 red onion, diced
- 1 clove garlic, minced
- 2 tablespoons olive oil
- 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
- Salt and pepper to taste

Instructions:
1. Preheat oven to 350°F.
2. Place baguette slices on a baking sheet and bake for 5-7 minutes or until lightly toasted.
3. In a mixing bowl, combine tomatoes, red onion, garlic, olive oil, and balsamic vinegar.
4. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
5. Top each toasted baguette slice with the tomato mixture.

## Entrees
### Spaghetti and Meatballs

Ingredients:
- 1 pound spaghetti
- 1 pound ground beef
- 1/2 cup bread crumbs
- 1/4 cup milk
- 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
- 1 egg
- 2 cloves garlic, minced
- Salt and pepper to taste
- 1 jar (24 oz) spaghetti sauce

Instructions:
1. Cook spaghetti according to package instructions.
2. In a mixing bowl, combine ground beef, bread crumbs, milk, Parmesan cheese, egg, garlic, salt, and pepper.
3. Form mixture into meatballs.
4. In a large skillet, brown meatballs over medium-high heat.
5. Add spaghetti sauce to the skillet and bring to a simmer.
6. Reduce heat to low and let simmer for 10-15 minutes.
7. Serve meatballs and sauce over spaghetti.

### Grilled Chicken Sandwich

Ingredients:
- 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
- Salt and pepper to taste
- 2 tablespoons olive oil
- 4 slices Swiss cheese
- 4 hamburger buns
- Lettuce
- Tomato
- Mayonnaise

Instructions:
1. Preheat grill to medium-high heat.
2. Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil.
3. Grill chicken for 5-7 minutes per side or until cooked through.
4. Top each chicken breast with a slice of Swiss cheese and let melt.
5. Toast hamburger buns on the grill.
6. Assemble sandwiches with chicken, lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise.

## Desserts
### Chocolate Chip Cookies

Ingredients:
- 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
- 1 tsp baking soda
- 1 tsp salt
- 1 cup unsalted butter, softened
- 3/4 cup white sugar
- 3/4 cup brown sugar
- 2 eggs
- 2 tsp vanilla extract
- 10 cups semisweet chocolate chips

Instructions:
1. Preheat oven to 375°F (190°C).
2. Combine flour, baking soda, and salt in a bowl.
3. Cream together butter, white sugar, and brown sugar until smooth.
4. Beat in eggs one at a time, then stir in vanilla.
5. Gradually blend in the dry ingredients.
6. Stir in chocolate chips.
7. Drop tablespoon-sized balls of dough onto ungreased baking sheets.
8. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown.
9. Cool on wire racks.

Commit message:

added hotdogs and banana sauce

recipes.md, after:

# My Recipe Book

## Contents
- [Appetizers](#appetizers)
    - [Spinach and Artichoke Dip](#spinach-and-artichoke-dip)
    - [Bruschetta](#bruschetta)
- [Entrees](#entrees)
    - [Spaghetti and Meatballs](#spaghetti-and-meatballs)
    - [Grilled Chicken Sandwich](#grilled-chicken-sandwich)
- [Desserts](#desserts)
    - [Chocolate Chip Cookies](#chocolate-chip-cookies)

## Appetizers
### Spinach and Artichoke Dip

Ingredients:
- 1 can (14 oz) artichoke hearts, drained and chopped
- 1 package (10 oz) frozen chopped spinach, thawed and drained
- 1 cup mayonnaise
- 1 cup grated Parmesan cheese
- 1/2 cup shredded mozzarella cheese
- 2 cloves garlic, minced

Instructions:
1. Preheat oven to 350°F.
2. In a large mixing bowl, combine all ingredients.
3. Transfer mixture to a 9-inch pie plate or a small baking dish.
4. Bake for 20-25 minutes or until lightly browned and bubbly.
5. Serve hot with tortilla chips, pita chips, or crackers.

### Bruschetta

Ingredients:
- 1 French baguette, sliced diagonally
- 2 tomatoes, diced
- 1/2 red onion, diced
- 1 clove garlic, minced
- 2 tablespoons olive oil
- 2 tablespoons balsamic vinegar
- Salt and pepper to taste

Instructions:
1. Preheat oven to 350°F.
2. Place baguette slices on a baking sheet and bake for 5-7 minutes or until lightly toasted.
3. In a mixing bowl, combine tomatoes, red onion, garlic, olive oil, and balsamic vinegar.
4. Season with salt and pepper to taste.
5. Top each toasted baguette slice with the tomato mixture.

## Entrees
### Spaghetti and Meatballs

Ingredients:
- 1 pound spaghetti
- 1 pound ground beef
- 1/2 cup bread crumbs
- 1/4 cup milk
- 1/4 cup grated Parmesan cheese
- 1 egg
- 2 cloves garlic, minced
- Salt and pepper to taste
- 1 jar (24 oz) spaghetti sauce
- 1 jar of banana sauce
- 3 hotdogs

Instructions:
1. Cook spaghetti according to package instructions.
2. In a mixing bowl, combine ground beef, bread crumbs, milk, Parmesan cheese, egg, garlic, salt, and pepper.
3. Form mixture into meatballs.
4. In a large skillet, brown meatballs and hotdogs over medium-high heat.
5. Add spaghetti sauce and banana sauce to the skillet and bring to a simmer.
6. Reduce heat to low and let simmer for 10-15 minutes.
7. Serve meatballs, hotdogs and sauce over spaghetti.

### Grilled Chicken Sandwich

Ingredients:
- 2 boneless, skinless chicken breasts
- Salt and pepper to taste
- 2 tablespoons olive oil
- 4 slices Swiss cheese
- 4 hamburger buns
- Lettuce
- Tomato
- Mayonnaise

Instructions:
1. Preheat grill to medium-high heat.
2. Season chicken breasts with salt and pepper and drizzle with olive oil.
3. Grill chicken for 5-7 minutes per side or until cooked through.
4. Top each chicken breast with a slice of Swiss cheese and let melt.
5. Toast hamburger buns on the grill.
6. Assemble sandwiches with chicken, lettuce, tomato, and mayonnaise.

## Desserts
### Chocolate Chip Cookies

Ingredients:
- 2 1/4 cups all-purpose flour
- 1 tsp baking soda
- 1 tsp salt
- 1 cup unsalted butter, softened
- 3/4 cup white sugar
- 3/4 cup brown sugar
- 2 eggs
- 2 tsp vanilla extract
- 10 cups semisweet chocolate chips

Instructions:
1. Preheat oven to 375°F (190°C).
2. Combine flour, baking soda, and salt in a bowl.
3. Cream together butter, white sugar, and brown sugar until smooth.
4. Beat in eggs one at a time, then stir in vanilla.
5. Gradually blend in the dry ingredients.
6. Stir in chocolate chips.
7. Drop tablespoon-sized balls of dough onto ungreased baking sheets.
8. Bake for 8 to 10 minutes or until golden brown.
9. Cool on wire racks.
